Cereal Audio
Hello, welcome to Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California.
Harmontown is now in session.
This song makes me happy and sad at the same time.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
I don't know, when you started playing that I was like, weird choice.
I thought about it was either going to be Aladdin, you got a friend in me or that one.
And I thought this one was more sad.
Alright, you're meeting it head on is the idea.
Because that's how I first met him and that makes me the happiest thing in the world
because Robin, that's how I first knew him.
I grew up on, yeah, that is how I learned to be funny.
I remember being a little kid and imitating Robin Williams.
Imitating Mork, like 10 years old.
My mom would take me to restaurants and I would just be jumping around,
making an ass of myself, trying to do an impression of him.
When Carvey was on, we talked about how in high school I would do my impression of his impressions.
My whole life I've been a hack.
Yeah, it definitely started with him.
It was very cool to have him here.
The day he died, Jonah, Camille, Pat, and Oswald and a few other comic friends of ours
went to the rest again and we sat down and everybody had a Robin story.
And the stories were all about how he made you feel cool.
He made you feel better if we're having met him.
That's for sure.
I don't think it would be fair or honest to not talk about the fact that he was so successful
and so regarded and so mainstream effective that the comedy community
I think had to especially hang their head because, and I'll say it if nobody else does,
that there was a lot of shit we heaped on his career path over the time
because it was just like an easy target because he made so many people so happy.
And I mean, I think the thing about that is, is that no matter who you talk to,
everybody would sometimes enjoy that it was like shooting a slingshot at the moon.
I'm never going to hit it.
But everybody that ever met him, without exception, had a story about how joyful,
dumb word, how sincere and how connected he was.
Yeah, he never, people would, I don't know.
I mean, I didn't say anything about it when it happened.
It's, this is a doozy.
And that's a really appropriate word to use.
It's a doozy.
Harold Ramis, John Ritter.
We had him up here with Bobcat and like Bobcat is, is and was very close to him
and he's really hurt by it.
And we know a couple of other people that were really close to Robin and are really affected by it.
And I'm not, you know, you and I used to joke about, we didn't like that movie
and we hated goodwill hunting and we didn't like this and we would heep shit on him.
But also, having met him, you have to take it all back.
And also, you find out that you loved everything he ever did.
For me, Popeye, he's fucking great in it.
That's the weirdest movie of all time.
Why is Robert Altman directing a movie about Popeye?
And who did I meet that said, fuck, who was it?
They said they had stories about meeting Robin and he's like, we went to Malta to shoot that.
Malta, an island in the middle of the Mediterranean.
And he's like, there's no Coke there. And that was a point in my life when I was fueled by cocaine.
Like I had to have cocaine.
And so they couldn't get cocaine there.
So all of a sudden, a bunch of Parisian models, like really sexy female Parisian models
started showing up to the island of Malta.
And all of a sudden, Robin Williams had Coke.
And it turns out that Popeye was made by vagged Parisian model Coke.
Vagged?
Like the models were stuffed.
Oh, vagged.
Vagged.
Like pocketed.
Keistering.
Yeah.
He had a bunch of sexy Parisian mules carrying the stuff.
And I was like, it's a good movie.
It's a fucking movie.
I don't want to live in a world where Robin Williams wasn't getting Parisian pussy Coke.
It was an interesting time, too, for Twitter.
I mean, there was not a single person from, you sometimes, I don't know, like a comedy icon dying,
like there's corners of the comedy world that they didn't affect.
And this just wasn't the case.
And that's why I kind of stayed silent because I had a weird effect happen to me where I,
and this is all on me.
This has nothing to do with, it's all on me because I didn't want it to be all on me, et cetera, et cetera.
Like a swirling irony of weird feelings.
I didn't want to take part in some kind of paltrization.
It's not a real word.
It felt like we were just reading too much about it and seeing too many people's feelings about it,
and all of a sudden felt like, oh, we're ready to accept this, which I wasn't.
I've never seen a death of a celebrity that people instantly wanted to make it about themselves instantly.
And that's not a bad thing.
That's just saying that I don't think we've ever seen anybody die that people instantly felt they had a connection to.
And those are people that haven't met him that just people wanted to say, this is my relationship to this guy named Robin Williams.
And I was born in the 70s, so I like him for this.
I was born in the 90s, so I know him as Aladdin.
Some people know him as Peter Pan, which I thought was a terrible movie.
But people like everyone had a connection to this guy because he was in a million things.
I should have collected, but I didn't think, I didn't imagine we'd be able to talk about this.
I wanted to kind of delicately kind of like, I also didn't think it would be honest to not talk about it,
but I also kind of wanted to like scoot around it and like have it just kind of touch us.
But I, at the time, I wasn't thinking about curating things, but I think it's fascinating
collecting the horrible, horrible ways that people mourn sometimes on Twitter.
The things that they say, the ways that they...
His daughter said some nice things, and she got fucking waylaid by a bunch of assholes.
I got tweeted by a guy who was saying, hey listen man, this was like two days later,
a guy said, hey listen, community's great, you're great, I think you're doing a great job,
I think you're a really, really talented person.
Hashtag, didn't tell Robin.
And I was like, whoa, okay, alright.
Wait, wait, I don't understand that.
Yeah, well you gotta let it sink in for a second, that's the thing about it.
Like you go, didn't tell Robin.
Oh, okay.
Like people coping with it in different ways, people coping with their relationships with others through it.
In our small little comedy world, like Los Angeles, but also he did it all over the country
and probably all over the world, so many people I know that do improv shows.
Small time no one goes to him, like nothing improv shows or UCB where people do go to.
People have a story where Robin shows up and just wants to watch.
And then you say, well you come on stage and he'll kind of balk at it,
but he'll get up there and he'll get up there on stage with people
and makes everybody feel like the coolest person in the world.
And I think, like, I feel very touched and honored, like I met him,
when he came on Harmontown here, I had happened to have dinner with him two nights before
and we sung songs and improvised stuff and he made me feel like,
well first of all I felt like an audience member at the coolest show of all time
because he was just doing this like command performance that nobody commanded
and he stood up and my girlfriend was like Scottish and he just starts improvising Scottish songs.
And so I had ukulele and some French and guitars and he just started improvising folk songs
and he did perfect Scottish accents, like perfect Glasgow and perfect Edinburgh
and we laughed so hard and he was sober at that time.
We were all drinking wine but he was sober as a barrel and that was it.
And then two nights later, I didn't know he was going to be here, Bobcat was here
and Robin had happened to call, Bobcat said, hey I'm going to Meltdown Comics to buy some comic books
because they love comic books.
And Bobcat said, oh well I'm here, I'm going to do the show with my friends called Harmontown,
would you want to come on stage?
Oh you know, he kind of balked, Dan didn't tell me about that so I came out here,
sit stage left, play a song and Dan makes a joke like, you guys don't deserve the show,
like Bobcat goes away, Bobcat comes out and then he goes, Bobcat fuck off
and then he doesn't.
And Bobcat at least goes, Robin Williams, I'm laughing and I go, yeah, call me Brian.
But Robin comes out and he hugged me because we had hung out
and he made me feel like we had been best friends forever, like he had a cool ability
to make you feel really cool, really special.
And I don't know him, I met him twice but I kind of felt like I did
and I'm pretty proud of the fact that we had him here.
And it made me cry really fucking hard because I have friends that are really close to him.
Yeah, Aaron was really devastated by it and I don't know, everybody was.
I didn't expect to be though, I wouldn't have expected to be devastated by that
because I didn't feel very close to him, I didn't know him, I met him once
but also I feel like it was a weird thing and when I sat and Pat Noswald showed up
and we just sat down and everyone has really good stories, he has better ones
because he's met her more and I said, I just don't feel like I was ready for him to not be around.
No, that's what it is, I don't think anybody was ready for him to not be around.
It's a weird thing to have some background.
I think everybody thought that he was always going to be around.
That's how I felt about Harold Ramis too. Certainly for 20 or 30 more years.
I think he was hitting a stride.
It's a weird thing to have subtracted from your existence because you didn't realize the value that he had.
Let's bring out Camille to hear everybody big applause and cheers!
Hello, I'm wiping tears and snot off my face right now.
I'm just not sure about the Morgan Mindy theme as a choice, I don't know.
I took a lift here and I will tell you, none of these people knew what that was.
That's why I chose it.
I wasn't trying to be a morose, but I was taking a lift like an Uber kind of car here
and I was sitting with a guy who actually has driven me to this show before.
I said, look at the guy that does that show.
I said, do you know this song?
I played the Morgan Mindy theme and he said, what's that?
I said, it's a show that Robin Williams was in when I first met him in the 70s.
He was introduced to my universe and I said, or this one.
I played it and he said, Aladdin!
He said, that's how I know him.
Also, when you hear his voice, I can play it for you right now.
I don't mean that in a bad way, it is devastating.
I played it for myself and he said, there's Robin doing a French guy,
doing an Italian guy, doing this guy, doing another guy.
It's Robin pouring out all that shit.
I go, I'm going to play it because that makes me happy because that makes me feel like a kid,
but the Aladdin one I thought would be worse.
We did After Meltdown, we played that one and it was like, oh, okay, this was a mistake.
It was just very sad.
I think part of the thing is that there is literally nobody else that I've been a fan of my entire life.
When I was a little kid, I loved Popeye.
There's always, no matter how old you are, there's a Robin Williams movie that is right for you.
I think that's part of it.
Obviously, Robert DeNiro and all are amazing, but when I was a kid, I didn't give a shit.
But I gave a shit with Robin Williams every day of my fucking life.
I remember, I saw this, my dad had this magazine.
Popeye was my favorite cartoon.
I convinced myself, spinach tasted good because of Popeye.
It doesn't, it tastes like shit.
Popeye was made by the spinach lobby.
It animates your tattoos.
Yeah, I would do that.
One bicep would have a one-battle ship and it would shoot a missile at the other bicep.
My dad had this magazine and it had Robin Williams as Popeye on the cover.
And I was like, there's a fucking movie about Popeye?
What the fuck, dad?
It's the first time I said fuck.
And then we tracked it down.
This was fucking sad, so it's hard to track down these movies and I watched it.
You had to go to the Popeye district.
Yeah, which is a dangerous town.
Who played Bluto on that one, Brutus Bluto?
Bluto?
Anyone know who played him in that?
Jeremy Sisto.
Because I remember thinking that that was the only character that didn't give me what I wanted.
David Eisensteers, I think it was.
Eisensteers? No.
Yeah, because Shelley DeVall was perfect.
Shelley DeVall was born to play olive oil.
I just kind of put the crane shot of the Popeye district in Pakistan.
When you establish the Tom Clancy movie that starts there.
It's like, I'm sorry, I'm being offensive.
No, no, no. Say something about Islam in a format that everyone can hear.
Dan Harmon, everybody. Dan, thanks for coming.
And it starts with a Germanic.
Yeah, you thought you got in trouble for playing the Chevy Chase Boy Smell?
Chevy Chase doesn't have an army.
With the Tom Clancy Chiron, the Pakistan Popeye district.
Yeah, like the green old computer font, like typing Popeye district.
Karachi.
But it's animated.
But something like that.
Camille, be honest, what did he just say?
He said, Popeye is our lord and savior.
Popeye is great. Popeye Huapar.
I always wonder in the movies when they establish, they go like, you know,
they establish an exotic location and then there's a guy in the distance going,
it's the equivalent of a rooster going, like, if you're in the Middle East in a movie,
you just hear some guy going, he's freaking out.
I always wonder what he's doing.
What is he saying? It's a call to prayer.
It's a call to prayer. It happens all over the Muslim world.
He's freaking out.
So it's always the same thing.
He's not praying.
So it's like taps?
No, it's...
Is taps a call to prayer?
No, taps is a call to... a guy just died.
Yeah.
It's time for us to pray. It's time for us to pray.
It's time for us to pray in the morning.
Dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip.
That's basically... it's called the Azad, is what it's called.
And it is a call to prayer.
We hear it five times a day.
And the first time you hear it is at 5 a.m. that's when you're supposed to pray.
So every night.
At 5 a.m. you hear that sound, which I'm not going to do.
Are there lyrics?
Is it...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a prayer.
It's a huge karaoke song.
Turn around, every now and then I get a little bit lonely
and never kneeling down.
The ball bounces, but it goes the other way.
Kneeling down.
Every now and then.
What is that?
When you hear that, the guys might have...
Azad?
What do they say?
Yeah.
You don't know.
It's in Arabic, and I don't speak Arabic,
but it's basically like it's...
I'm guessing it's like,
God is great.
Right.
That's time to pray.
Yeah, I mean, that's the safe bet.
God is...
God is amazing.
But it's okay.
It's okay.
God is amazing, but also kind of needy.
Don't take him for granted.
Yeah.
If God was your friend, you'd be like,
this guy's a dick.
He's like, so, how about...
I've been pretty good today, right?
You're going to be hearing this four more times today.
Don't fucking...
Don't slouch.
Yeah, you're hanging out and he's like,
time?
Oh, okay, sorry.
You're great.
Ralph.
Now, Camille, speaking of lyrics to songs,
Dan and I were out having lunch today,
and we were at a bar,
and we heard some classic rock being played
in the jukebox.
Oh.
And...
Oh, yeah.
You've heard of like,
we wrote lyrics to the Nightcourt theme song?
I don't know that.
You're not familiar with that?
No.
Do you know the Nightcourt theme?
So we wrote lyrics to that.
Okay.
There's Pringles Dick, Chicken Noodle Dick.
We're famous for our songwriting.
I've heard of Pringles Dick,
but I don't know the context of it.
I do know I love it.
I wrote that one on the road with like,
The Who's Lying Guys,
and I wrote the song about Pringles Dick,
and I was holding a Pringles can near my dick.
Oh, I always thought it was the guy whose dick
was as big as a Pringles can.
No.
It's not.
It's just like,
Some people call me Pringles Dick,
but I never really found out why I sing along,
if you know it.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick.
I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can,
because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
Some people call me Pringles Dick,
but I never really found out.
No, I never found out.
I never really found out why.
He does it ballad of a guy who doesn't understand.
That should replace the Muslim call to prayer by now.
There would be Popeye district,
some people call me Pringles Dick.
Some people
call me Pringles Dick.
Camille, can you do a good impression of the call to prayer?
He doesn't know the lyrics.
You could do a better impression of it.
Yeah, I'm not going to.
It's not going to do it, but I can't do it.
Is it blasphemous to do an impression of it?
In a comedy show? Yeah.
It's probably tacky.
How close was Dan?
We don't have tacky.
We have like praying,
and then everything else is blasphemy.
Those are the two modes.
This ain't praying.
So Dan and I were at a bar in a classic rock song,
which I think most of you would know,
came on and then started singing,
and it was about pooping in some sand.
So what did you guys change the lyrics to?
We made a song called Poopy Sand.
I'm pretty sure we're going to fuck it up.
I'm pretty proud of it.
I think it's pretty good.
You ready, Dan?
Yeah, I think so.
All right, let's try this out.
I'm going to play the karaoke version of the song,
but I think you'll know it.
The song is called Poopy Sand.
All right, Dan, you ready to go?
Yeah, yeah, I'm a little nervous.
Me too.
Also, if we don't get it right,
we can do it again.
Okay, here we go.
You guys have lyrics on your phone?
Yeah.
All right, Dan, you ready to go?
The recipe was handed down to me by my old man.
It's basically a bucket which I poop inside,
and I add a handful of sand.
Lord, I'm making Poopy Sand.
You'll learn it.
Wow.
I don't want to be a naysayer,
but it sounds more like you're making sandy poop.
It's more sandy poop than it is Poopy Sand.
Poopy Sand would be if you were shitting into sand.
Camille, Camille, you weren't there, man.
This is a moment in time.
Thank God, I would have fixed it.
No, Poopy Sand is amazing.
It's basically a bucket which I poop inside,
then I add a handful of sand.
It's perfect, that's just jealous I wasn't there.
Lord, he's making Poopy Sand.
Let's go to Harmontown in the news corner.
Yeah.
Sometimes Harmontown's in the news.
Sometimes Harmontown's not in the news.
Harmontown, news corner.
What would you do if you got a news article
about a Harmontown?
Gonna put a bucket inside of Mama Brown.
Come on, back it up.
We're all high, it's not funny.
It's not professional.
It's a recipe handed down by his old man.
He's just a guy selling sandy poop out of his van.
There's a lot of supply, but no demand.
I'm proud of the internal unconscious rhyme
between recipe and basically,
because he says it's a recipe that was handed to me.
It's basically a bucket, basically a recipe.
Come on, knock it off.
I'm certain that Poopy Sand is a song that will...
Dan, if you and I write three more songs,
we have a record and then we can go on tour.
I don't want to throw down any gauntlets,
but I feel like it's better written than Ramblin Man.
I don't know if anyone's alive that will take offense to that,
but if you are, bring it.
I think there's like 19 Almond Brothers,
one of them's alive.
Dan Harmon.goes toe-to-toe with the remaining Almond Brothers.
Everyone be against me because they're vanishing.
They're vanishing people.
It's not funny.
Were they brothers? I don't know.
There's no way all of them are brothers.
They were all a man.
Thank you, Adam Goldberg, you son of a bitch.
Who's in back there in the green room?
Who's peeking over Spencer's shoulder?
That's Dave Block, he's the wonderful artist.
The artist for all of the meltdown show.
Also, Dave, if I'm not mistaken,
you're the newest member of my Clash of Clans clan.
Alright, come on guys.
Keep the show on target.
Good luck with your art.
Are we done with Poopy San?
I thought he was Jason Sudeikis.
Pretty good.
He looks more like Wade Randolph than Jason Sudeikis.
He's wearing a specific hat.
Okay.
Depending on what the news segment is,
that song could be very inappropriate.
What news are we talking?
I don't know what you're thinking.
There's a very upbeat...
There's supposed to be news...
There's supposed to be upbeat news.
The Harmontown was reviewed by the LA Times.
It was a critics pick.
The movie?
The LA Times is a movie?
The Harmontown doc?
No, no, no, no. Our show.
This show.
The show that you're on.
This show was reviewed?
I selected a paragraph because we're all mentioned in it.
It was pretty funny.
I think he might have written it in a hurry.
Don't...
Don't review the review.
Well, I have to.
You've got to get those out every day.
I just thought it was funny because it's like...
In one paragraph, he says a lot of funny stuff.
Let's see it.
In the midst of this paragraph,
it was very flattering about Harmontown,
the LA Times critics pick,
he does surround himself with relatively more
grounded compatriots,
including most regularly co-host
and comptroller Jim Davis.
Wow.
The guy who created Garfield?
You made Garfield?
What's his name?
What's the guy's name that reviewed this?
It would be great.
He was the co-ptroller Jerry O'Connell.
His name is Robert Lord.
Jerry passed on this.
That's the reason why I'm the co-ptroller.
But a semi-colon,
comedian-fiancé Erin McGathy,
who has a po-cast of her own.
A po-cast?
This feels terrible.
Was he on the lam?
Is this LA Times?
And the half-ubiquitous Kumail Nanjiani.
I didn't know you were biracial.
What is...
He's ubiquitous.
What does that mean?
I think you're kind of like approaching Seth Rogen territory.
I think you think you're from ubiquitous 10.
Half-ubiquitous.
A ubiquitous 10.
It's like a half-misogynist.
That's weird.
I kind of hate women.
I'm half-ubiquitous.
I'm everywhere half the time.
I'm...
I'm 50% of everywhere.
Can I see this real quick?
Is this really on the LA Times website?
He called me Jim Davis when I fucking cunt.
Well, Erin has a po-cast.
A po-cast?
That's about those New Orleans sandwiches.
Yeah, yeah.
The modern media is not reacting well to the internet.
What the fuck? What are the pressures rolling?
They're rolling all the time, Lloyd.
Lloyd.
Go, go, go.
I spilled coffee on myself.
Half-ubiquitous. I don't know what the fuck I'm showing.
I can't believe that the only name he got right
was fucking Kumail Nanjiani.
That's true.
Well, I am half-ubiquitous.
Yeah, he...
Half the places he looked, he could find the right spelling.
It is amazing how often my name is misspelled.
Just because it's not a name that you see,
like, oh, I got this.
It's a name you have to look up.
I would think it would never be misspelled,
because you're like, I got to get this one, right?
Jeff Davis, Jim Davis, whatever.
Those are common names.
Don't fucking diminish me.
No, no. I don't mean to.
You fucking racist.
You're half-ubiquitous.
This is the end of my notes.
Mine is one thing.
I got an insider in the Uber community.
They told me I have
4.7 stars as a passenger.
I'll tell you, if my driver at 4.7
would be like, no, give me a different one.
That's what I said. What the fuck did I do wrong?
I feel like I have at least one of my Lyft drivers
that came tonight. Is that true?
Is someone here? Lyft driver?
We love you, Jim.
Oh, can I say...
I met a guy last night who won an Emmy last night
for doing the special effects
for Game of Thrones. He said he was going to be here.
Is he here? No, he's not here, I guess.
No? I'm joking.
Are you here, Adam?
Oh, see, he came. He won an Emmy last night.
Does he want to come up? I don't know.
He won an Emmy last night.
Do you want to come up? Get up here, Game of Thrones.
You can come up if you want.
We don't bully people.
I don't know how he can signify
if he doesn't want to come up,
because there's just darkness back there.
I think he's doing it by not coming up.
I think I see him coming.
There's a dragon here.
Well, he's riding a tennis ball,
and it'll be a dragon later.
Loose?
Hey, hello. How are you?
I didn't win an Emmy last night.
Congratulations. It was the creative arts Emmy's last night.
Correct.
It was fucking hard to get across town.
You won an Emmy for visual effects?
Visual effects, yeah.
For Game of Thrones?
What did you actually do on it?
I'm a coordinator.
What did you give us
some specifics that we can remember visually?
Well, no.
I managed all the different visual effects on the show,
the dragons, all these different environments.
You draw? You draw?
Are you the reason why there's so few dragons on Game of Thrones?
That's budgetary.
Are you the guy that goes to set
and makes sure the camera's locked down?
We have data wranglers that do that.
Data wranglers?
I imagine once in zeroes
and they've got a lasso.
One. Zero.
We have supervisors that go to set,
but I manage all their times
and where the green screens go.
What is the episodic budget
for Game of Thrones?
Because it seems like a show that couldn't possibly be a TV show,
because it looks amazing.
It's a gigantic expenditure, right?
I bet it's...
Oh, am I allowed to say the budget?
Okay, here. Look at me.
Eight million.
An episode?
He looked away when I said that.
An episode? No.
It's more than eight million, isn't it?
It's not twenty million an episode.
I know that.
There's no such thing as a show that's eight million an episode.
It looks like a show that's
twenty million dollars an episode.
But they do a good job of making the big scenes
bigger than the small scenes.
They balance it out.
It's not like everything as dragons flag around.
They do a good job of mixing it up.
Is it money spender on that?
Is it cast or is it digital stuff?
Is it effects?
It certainly matters on which cast,
but the dragons would be probably one of the most expensive
part of the visual effects budget.
What about the...
I don't know if I really answered the question there.
Are any of the boobies fake?
Like CG?
No, you know...
Not like implants fake?
No, I mean like CG fake.
You know, you're certainly cleaning up
and boobies are like a...
You get real boobies that's cheaper than
a dragon.
And that's what's wrong with this country.
Capitalism!
So how do you guys know each other?
I just met him last night at the Emmys.
Why were you there?
I presented an award.
I did last two years. They didn't invite me back.
Because Yahoo's not a real network.
I was a fucking star there, man.
They were like, we're out there.
And he's bringing Harmon out here.
Don't get fired off Yahoo this quickly.
No, I'm on Yahoo's side.
I'm just saying, when are we going to get some props?
Bring me back to the Shmimmys.
I was there two years ago when you presented
and you guys were definitely the best presenters.
Thank you. What was your name?
Alright.
You hear that, Emmys?
It clips only by the half
ubiquitous protector.
If I am not presenting
at next year's Creative Arts Emmys,
Adam is going to send a swarm
of orange golf balls
that will later become
serpents.
Dan, you've many times called them
the Shmimmys.
Maybe they're a little
fed up with that?
No, come on.
Alright, Adam.
If anybody else said that,
we'd get an applause break.
It's true.
Kathy Griffin coined that, I think.
Everybody that's at the Creative Arts Emmys
has a sort of self-effacing
awareness of the fact
that we've been pushed
off the air, off the primetime Emmys.
Oh, the semis, we like to call them.
Oh, the semis, see that?
No, but they look
just like the real ones, right?
Yeah, certainly, yeah.
I held his Emmy.
I have one.
I held his semi.
And it didn't stay a semi
for long.
Became a full primetime Emmys.
Became an Oscar, which is amazing.
And then, back down to daytime Emmys.
Became Tony.
We'd think it would become a Tony,
but it would become a Tony.
Adam, is that your passion
doing digital effects?
Yeah, I've been doing it for a few years now
and I enjoy doing it.
What were you doing before that?
When I first graduated,
I was a freelancer
over at the Onion News Network.
Oh, nice. Doing what, writing?
No, just I was a set PA
when I first came out of college.
And then I moved to Los Angeles.
I got a visual effects house
with software.
Are you a software guy?
Are you actually doing the...
Yeah, I just manage all the work.
So you're not modeling or animating?
No, no.
But you could do it if you wanted to.
I wish I could.
What do you guys use? You guys use Maya?
You guys use Maya?
You guys use C++?
What's going on?
You guys use Lightwave?
Is it Java?
Yeah, it's basic.
Yeah, logo?
You use a plugin?
Yeah, you guys do cookies?
You have cookies and stuff?
I heard the whole Game of Thrones is all print shop.
The whole thing.
What do you guys use?
Well, different vendors
use different software.
So there's Maya and Max.
They composite
Nuke and...
Oh, Nuke.
Do you ever use Shake?
We don't really use Shake at ours now.
Well, now Apple bought it and phased it out, right?
Boy, Shake was great.
Yeah.
There are you compositors out there.
I just got a semi.
I really miss Shake.
But he came up to me last night.
That's the one with the little nodes or modules.
Yeah, they all got nodes.
I mean, they don't all have nodes.
Maya's got nodes.
Nuke's got nodes.
Shake invented nodes.
I mean, Shake really brought nodes to a new
node level.
Node-based architecture is where it's at.
I am not interested in this conversation.
If you could...
You could make a little gagu.
You could say, I want this gagu to bounce up and down.
And that's a node,
like the transform and the y-axis.
And then you decide later, oh, I want him to also...
while he's bouncing up and down,
I want him to move horizontally.
So then you add another node.
Turn it on, turn it off.
You can improvise.
This podcast is also a subliminal weight loss tape.
You can just play this
at night and you lose weight.
What else do you guys want to ask Adam?
He came up to me last night holding an Emmy
and he was like, hey, sorry to disturb you.
I was like, this is the best fucking icebreaker.
You could walk up to anybody holding an Emmy.
Like, hey, can I cut to the front of this line?
At the back, you should take your Emmy there.
Is this your first Emmy?
Third, actually.
How many do you have?
He's the best.
I have one.
He has three times.
Mine's for best original lyrics
or music in a comedy or variety show.
I was in a commercial that won a Clio,
but that doesn't go to the actor.
It goes to the ad company.
You know, my genius move was
in my acceptance speech for my Emmy,
I said I was ugly.
So at the governor's ball,
all these celebrities, beautiful people
were coming up to me and going,
I think you look great.
Oh, that's horrible.
An hour and a half of just
random, beautiful people.
You're not so bad looking.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Did you also win the coveted
Pasi Aggressi?
Hey, man, they don't know the difference.
I'll just make you for count, please.
Do I look fatty in these jeansies?
You're only going to win one Emmy.
Make the fucking cake out of it.
I think that's an expression.
So Adam, are you back
on the next season of Game of Thrones?
Yeah, I fly back to Belfast where we shoot the show tomorrow.
Is that right?
And how do you feel about the season?
Is it good? What's happening? What's going to happen?
I wish I could tell you.
Stop recording, Dustin.
Adam, spoil the fuck out of this.
Ruin Game of Thrones for everybody.
You really think he's going to tell you
what's going to happen next season?
He couldn't say what the budget was.
Yeah, they will kill him.
They win his Emmy, they'll slit his throat.
They will send orange golf balls after him.
Why did they fire that one guy
that was the blonde guy that likes Khaleesi?
Oh, he got into a movie.
And then all of a sudden there's a guy from Nashville
that fucking took his place.
Yeah, he looks like a hipster, the guy that they replaced.
He just got a movie. He's doing the
transporter reboot.
Also, they're doing a transporter reboot.
All right, Adam, can you tell us
why that guy had to take a hike?
No comment.
All right.
Oh, shit.
No, honestly, I don't really know what to be.
I don't know that.
But you know who we're talking about?
Yes.
Have you hung out with Dinklage?
I have, yes.
That guy had, and I don't mean to
sound insensitive,
but the guy that left,
he had what can only be described as,
he had rape face, which is not...
You know, he just had
like a weird...
He looked very aggressive.
That was his character, wasn't it?
That was kind of his character.
Yeah, I mean, he was well cast, I guess, but...
He was like a low-rent
Fabio, I liked him.
Yeah, he's the king of the rape face.
But then all of a sudden he's replaced by the guy
that's a producer, that's also kind of rapey
Nashville, but he looks like a hipster
from like Silver Lake.
Yeah.
He does look like a hipster, the new guy.
Alright, let's ask Adam something that he can answer.
Alright, which actor,
on Game of Thrones,
is the least patient
about
having to interact
with
things that aren't there?
I don't think I can answer that either.
Do you know the answer?
You don't have to say it,
but it's in your head.
There's got to be somebody that's like,
you all know that person.
I'm sure you have that on community too.
Yes, yes, we do.
We knew who that was.
You played his voicemail.
You made it very evident.
Is there one person that stands out
as the least patient
with the digital effects?
You have to say who it is.
Is there one person that you go,
he or she is
but there is one, right?
Certainly, yes.
If we guessed the person
and we were right,
would you nod?
I'm just trying to figure out
how you would guess that person.
Go to IMDB
and just go down the list.
Alright, is it true
that there is a second
smaller wall
north of the wall?
That should be a question
for George R.R. Martin.
When are you finishing the new book?
Are you a big fan of the books?
Or do you even care?
It's just a fuck off for you.
It's just a fuck off.
It's like you're working in a goddamn water park.
I started on season 2,
so I was like, let me read book 1
and then I watched season 1 and I knew what happened.
So I was like, let me read book 2.
Is it true that Jon Snow knows nothing?
Absolutely nothing.
Okay, Lena Heady.
She doesn't work in the digital effects.
Peter O'Faith College.
Amelia Clark.
He nodded.
Alright, well,
let's thank Adam for coming up
and congratulating him on his Emmy.
Game of Thrones.
Lord, I am making Game of Thrones.
Trying to fuck your mum about digging up all your bones.
When I see Peter Dinklage,
you know I fucked your phone.
You know I fucked your phone?
You know I fucked your phone.
That sounds kind of triple, right?
When I see Peter Dinklage,
that's how you know I fucked your phone.
I already told you you see Peter Dinklage.
No, I fucked your phone.
He loves fucking phones.
I just melted
a bunch of swords
for the throne.
Alright, Dan?
What?
No.
Game of Thrones.
Freestyle is a rambling man.
Go.
Lord, I produced the Game of Thrones.
Calling up your momma
on every single phone.
Telling her to get down here
and fight those killing bones.
I'm producing Game of Thrones.
Camille, take it.
I can't do this.
I can't sing.
That's the only singing I know.
He's everything.
You'd rather blaspheme
than improvise to a song.
What have I done?
You were so against it earlier on.
You fucking panicked and just
sell out your hair.
I fought what myself.
Let's bring out the new George R. R. Martin,
Spencer Crittenden.
Hey guys. Hello, Spencer.
It's Spencer. It is.
What do you think about all that stuff?
All that, uh, it was a great singing
attempt by both of you.
Attempt. Game of Thrones.
Good times.
George R. Martin.
No.
Didn't you meet George R. Martin
in Comic Con?
I stared at him from across, uh,
we were, we were,
we were, there's this hotel
that wasn't our hotel, but we were just hanging out at it.
We were hanging out in like, uh,
the bar area that was outside.
There was, uh, he was just drinking, uh,
what were they?
Pina Colada. Pina Colada, that's the one.
That's it? Did I get that right?
Yeah, yeah, that's what he was saying.
He doesn't look like what I expected him to look like.
Really?
He looks like kind of like a Hemingway kind of character.
He looks like a sea captain.
Yeah.
I, uh, I met him. He was very nice.
And I was like, all right, steal yourself.
There's going to be, he's going to smell like the sea,
but he didn't. He was very,
he smelled like a normal person.
And he was very nice.
The sea is a nice smell.
That's great.
I mean, they have like, uh,
Cologne's named after the sea.
Like what?
Like the sea. Ocean smell?
Ocean smell?
Scent of the sea.
Cool water.
Aqua, aqua.
That's just what I smell.
Fish smell like awful.
Ocean sniff.
Yeah.
You expected him to smell like a fish
but he, he, he smelled great.
Not that I smelled him, but
there wasn't like an obvious negative
What?
I'm sorry, Adam.
George R. R. Martin
didn't smell.
Going on the podcast and saying it
to who I tell.
Take a dip. That's too late. I just did the bet.
That's not...
Pooping in your bin.
So our song was about
about a guy that sells poopy and
poop and sand in a bucket out of the
back of an abandoned van.
The Lord knows I got a big supply
but there ain't that much demand.
I love, I love that he...
That's my favorite line.
He lives such a visceral existence that
he poops in a bucket and thinks
he can sell it to people.
He's well versed in like a ninth grade
level economics.
He knows supply and demand.
I know what my problem is
in terms of what I learned
in high school.
I know why he's not the problem.
I just fill buckets every day.
I'm going to, sooner or later this bubble's going to burst.
Is the bucket...
Do you have to return the bucket
or is the bucket part of the deal?
When you buy a bucket of poopy sand
that bucket is yours to keep.
Is it cheaper than just an empty
bucket? No.
It's more expensive to buy
a bucket you have to claim. I think it's just a little
bit more expensive. You're paying for the poop
and the ratio of poop to sand
in the bucket. Yeah.
I mean a lot of people in the bucket community
have talked about this
and they call it the price of the bucket
is the poop and the sand
because you got to wash it out. That's man hours.
Oh, okay.
It's a couple bucks more than a bucket.
Just a bucket is a bucket.
You're better off buying a bucket. If that's all
you want, don't fuck around. That's why this guy's going broke.
He lives in a van.
But it's a recipe passed down to him by his
old man. That's a heartbreaker.
He's just sticking
with the company.
If this country ran on heartstrings,
then we'd all be
millionaires.
Was his dad also a professional
poopy sand maker or was just that his hobby?
It certainly was a recipe that he perfected.
Right, but was he selling it?
Well,
that's the third verse that we haven't written yet.
We don't know that.
I would presume that the father probably died broke
selling poopy sand
and the son said, look,
I have to live up to my father's dying wishes,
which is to sell and perfect
the manufacture
and distribution
of poopy sand buckets.
And the fact that he's selling it
out of an abandoned van
is that sad to me because
he should be selling it from a roadside stand,
which also rhymes.
That's what's exciting to me.
He's been selling it from a roadside stand.
It rhymes.
I should be at a roadside stand.
Third verse.
All the glitters isn't gold and I'm doing the best I can.
He doesn't know.
He's just trying his hardest.
This new Walmart dominated economics beer
got me on the lamb.
I'm just selling poopy sand.
He's saying,
it's like what went wrong with our country
is the message.
When a man can't go out
and
apply his father's trade.
Tradesmanship,
the dying embers
of a world where there was unions
and
there was pride
and the ownership of a small
business.
The boundaries of this world,
the powers that be,
it originated from an axis
that rotated on the bond between a father
and son.
His problem is
even by himself,
he oversaturated the market with poopy sand buckets
because
there's so much supply
and there's just not the demand.
There used to be a higher demand for poopy sand.
There's a whole bridge
where it talks about how the ocean just keeps
pooping.
So he's the ocean for poop,
and it's like him in the ocean.
He's trying to create balance.
He regrets not becoming a fisherman
because he has more of a...
It seems like the only...
Also because sand,
if I'm not mistaken,
and I'm sure that I'm wrong,
from a Richard Attenborough documentary
that most sand is from
fish pooping out the coral that they eat.
They fish nibble on the coral
poop sand that creates little islands.
This guy is just creating
a cyclic circle of life.
I mean, this is beautiful.
What's he doing with the poopy sand
he's not selling?
He has a van...
Like yesterday's poopy sand. Is that a discount?
I think...
To be quite honest...
Is the van full of yesterday's...
Full disclosure, I'm pretty sure he's selling you
yesterday's poopy sand.
You're not always getting fresh poopy sand.
I'm picked up!
No, wait.
No, no, no, no, no.
Wait.
Do make it about Chinese murder vans.
That was what I was going to do.
I missed the Chinese murder van thing.
You want to try?
No, no, no, no.
We're done. It's okay.
Let's move on.
Uh...
Thanks everybody.
Alright, so...
We're sad.
We're grieving.
We covered...
We're in the news.
The LA Times...
Oh, you were also in a Forbes article.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There was a Forbes article that quoted
I make a five stars.
But they didn't...
They didn't...
They just mentioned it.
They were talking about Uber.
And it's all over the media.
This guy had an opinion on it.
Dan Harmon had an opinion on it.
In his episode, I make a five stars.
And then they just moved...
It's good to have efficacy.
We should do something with it.
Everybody vote...
No.
Everybody vote for no more voting!
If...
If no more voting came up for a vote,
then I would vote...
Nice.
But then what would you really do?
That Monday?
Yeah, we did it. We voted for no more voting.
And then you go out and your garbage would be...
Everybody would party for a while.
Then there would be garbage piling up.
Who's going to collect this?
And then the garbage man would be like...
I didn't get voted.
It's not like you vote to get garbage.
You don't want to collect your garbage.
That's a whole structure in place.
Nobody's got to yell at them.
No, you don't.
They say that you do, but you fucking don't.
You think everybody would keep picking up the garbage?
It's the myth of efficacy.
The idea that your vote matters a fucking iota.
If it did, it would fucking change things.
Which it cannot.
Voting is an absolute piece of malarkey.
You think they keep picking up the garbage?
It's automatically...
I understand that.
It never has. It cannot.
It will not.
Your vote means nothing.
It isn't weird. I don't understand...
You might as well go to the booth and put poopy sand in there.
I feel like...
That would be more efficacious.
Isn't there a system well enough in place
that we don't have to...
Deficacious somebody said. Thank you.
We don't have to clamp down that hard
on people who have a problem with it.
Isn't there enough
momentum behind
the cops having drones
and tanks and everything?
Isn't everything steadily moving
in a direction that people
who would get worried about poor people
rising up and killing everybody
they can relax for a little while
while the poor people can bitch and complain?
Isn't it like...
You don't need to squash it immediately.
With the shit in Ferguson, it's like...
It's happening tonight, by the way.
It's happening right now.
It's escalating again.
I retweeted
the number
for the ACLU
that somebody tweeted,
if you're being harassed by police
while you're peacefully protesting,
here's a number you can call.
That's gonna make a big difference.
I retweeted a fucking phone number.
And still
with the Spocks
and the fucking Asperger Republicans
like, are you there?
I'm hearing conflicting reports.
It's like, what fucking
just side with the fucking people
who are getting tear gassed now?
Exaggerations, rumors.
Who gives a fuck if we're sloppy
about going fuck the police?
We'll figure it out next week.
When tear gas starts flying,
side with the fucking tear gas.
Period. You don't fucking side
with the canisters.
You don't bother. They're canisters.
They're protected.
They don't need your help.
They have fucking tax money.
They are funded by you.
They don't need your help.
They have armor. They have the government.
They have everything.
If there's a...
But I'm trying
to protest
shooting a teenage black man.
Lord, I'm doing
the best I can.
I just just fucking like
why
why can't it be common
that no matter what
if you play that music, he has to make his point
in that
Why in this country
that was founded by fucking
brigands and rap scallions
and fucking firebrands?
Why have we
I know the answer.
It's because we're all terrified.
How is that going to placate your terror?
You journalists out there
in air quotes.
I hope that this
maybe is a warning shot across the bow.
Like I saw some good journalism
going on out there.
Cameras out in the street going oh shit!
We're getting fucking shot at.
They're grabbing our cameras and they're tearing them apart.
It's crazy. They're literally telling them to not film.
So unbelievable.
So here's an idea. Now can we emerge
from this age of neo-yellow journalism
because guess what?
No matter how on their side you are
you're never going to be on your side when the chips are down.
They're going to tear your fucking cameras apart.
So be a fucking journalist
even in times of peace
because they're going to fuck you over
as soon as they want to beat somebody.
They're going to fuck you over. Be a journalist.
Like it doesn't pay too much
that you should be selling out your country.
Let's all get our heads out of our asses.
Why is it a part
of American culture to just go
oh
this is that part of
our national
lifespan when the heart
throbs. There's a palpitation
and there's a city somewhere where some shit gets fucked up.
Why
isn't it common
patriotic courtesy
to side with the impoverished?
Right. It's crazy. Like every good story
is about the underdogs. It's amazing to me
that like do you watch
Star Wars? We took over the world
based on the attractiveness of that story.
We didn't pitch the planet
hey what if we ruled you?
We pitched them hey what if the huddled masses
could turn to be free?
We sold that pitch based on
Star Wars. We said
what if you could be broke and have a chance?
And it's
fucking crazy to me when you see
a quiet suburban neighborhood
with a house that looks like all the houses
that we grew up in and it's really hard
not to cry racism because really
when you really boil down to it and you squint
at the camera, you squint at the
screen and you go like if all these people
were white would this be a fucking
national scandal? Yes it
would. I really feel that way.
I feel like there's too
many black people on the
screen for people to not
engage in their natural
skepticism. Like oh these guys are just
yeah what are they doing? You
look at the live feed and there's comments
under it streaming up and it's like half
of them are like Michael Brown live
forever. God bless you and all this stuff
and then the other half are like people equally
infuriated that have no
stake in it except like a strange
xenophobia going like
why don't you fucking people get a job and stop
complaining for a second. It's like weird dots that don't even need
to be connected. These are
American citizens standing on a quiet suburban
street with fucking
incendiary devices rolling down them
smoke filling surrounding
their oak trees,
wafting past their bedroom windows where their
children are sleeping in cribs. Would you
put up with that? Would you
tolerate that? What if it happened right here
right now? Would we
tolerate this? And we label these little cities
and we go like oh here's an event. This is
an event that's going to begin and it's going to end
and there's an incident going on and we
keep calling them incidents but the police
aren't calling them incidents because the police
don't rent tanks
for the moment. They acquire
them gradually and
they're equipped for this and more
and more every single police
force is getting more and more military
equipment as we go.
They're prepared for this stuff and it's
not going to stop.
The noose never loosens.
It keeps tightening.
So when you're looking at live footage
of a city in your country
where people are being
assaulted by the police
side with them
you don't have to do anything
other than that. Just
stop arguing about it.
Stop
waiting for more details.
Stop hoping that it's not that big
a deal and just side with them.
You don't have to get in your car and drive down there.
We'll do that later. But just stop
fucking bitching about it
against the people who are getting hit in the head
with fucking incendiary devices.
That's 9-11.
9-11.
That ends our political corner.
That's just me talking to the two
people that bitched at me for retweeting
the ACLU's number.
It's not a debate and it's not an argument.
It's fucking common courtesy.
When there's a fucking
like blackout or there's a tsunami
there's a natural disaster.
That's what a riot situation is.
It's a natural disaster. It's triggered by weird shit.
And then it's a fucking
delicate, weird, crazy situation
where people can get hurt.
And like
fucking
the fucking
eyewitness reports.
The anecdotal shit that is coming in
from that city
is deeply disturbing
and I'm 41.
It keeps getting closer and closer.
You know
how comfortable these people are
in this situation.
You realize that we are going to
live in a world
where they are already prepared for it
and we're not.
They're going to be driving down the streets
in these fucking Humvees.
They're going to have their gas masks.
They're going to have their anti-personnel
anti-things.
Stomping all over the right to free assembly.
Stomping all over the right to freedom of speech.
They're all geared up for it.
And we're having fucking arguments about it
because we want more clicks or less clicks
or whatever the fuck we want access.
We are not angry enough.
We are not outraged enough. We're not
hair-trigger enough. We should be skeptical.
It's our patriotic duty to be skeptical
of the people that control us.
That's absolutely illegal now.
Descent is not something legal anymore.
It used to be and theoretically it still is
but descent about the way...
What about this concept? I'm sorry.
Being monitored
by the authorities.
It's a good image about how if you're not
guilty of something you have nothing to worry about.
Remember that old thing?
How the fuck doesn't that apply to the fucking people
that are out there enforcing the law?
Why the hell...
Why can we afford fucking drones
and we can't afford fucking cameras?
Put them on their hatch, put them in their armpits.
What cameras everywhere on these motherfuckers?
I'm paying them. I know it's not a hard job.
It's not an easy job.
You are a hero and you're out there.
There's body cams and head cams.
They're $900 or $950 apiece.
They could put them on.
But cops won't put them on because...
Because it's an invasion of their privacy
and I don't blame them for feeling that way
because they're human beings.
Wait, what's your stand?
I'm pointing out
that if we should...
Why do we always start with criminals
and pets and children
and we don't start with cops
because the cops need to do their job
and none of us can do our jobs
and we're being surveilled.
None of us can be Americans when we're being surveilled.
So either all
or fucking start with them.
I don't know. That's my point, I guess.
Before there's a fucking camera
on every goddamn instance
of every part of our private lives
that can be used for or against us.
Start with cops.
Let's use that fund for that.
I prefer disorder over organized
order which is a police state.
I'd rather that be chaos.
The fundamental idea
that everything has to be completely controlled
from the police.
And if we're animals
and we can't be contained
then let's address that problem.
If you can't control a city
if the system isn't working at all
then let's start having that conversation
because we keep downshifting
into these animals
in this basin
they're having a little bit of a tantrum.
They need to time out. They need some tear gas.
How many of these
how is this going to work?
I'll tell you how it's going to work.
The lines are going to keep being blurred
and there's just going to be dudes
and bulletproof fucking swat gear
paramilitary people
patrolling
every street that you're on
and if you're not guilty of anything
you have nothing to worry about.
If they give police, the cynic in me says
if you give the police his headcams
and they have these things that you can turn on
to a house
because there's a crime in progress
or maybe
I think a lot of those cameras are going to fall off
a lot of them are going to be broken
there's no way to control that.
We're already in a culture of broken cameras apparently
a lot of cameras are getting broken in Ferguson
there was a live stream today
of the cops threatening a reporter
threatening to shoot him, this video of it
cotton camera threatening to mace one reporter
and shoot another
tonight it's happening right now
this is a footage of cops
ushering
media away
throwing their equipment
and destroying it
I haven't actually seen it, maybe I'm spreading it
no I saw a video, it's a smoke bomb
comes, the people running, the cops show up
and turn all the cameras to point them all down at the ground
which is illegal
it's amazing
and also philosophically why are you doing this
is it illegal? I don't know that it is illegal
they call it why are you doing this
we know that it's fundamentally illegal
but no one's going to do anything about that
you're a terrorist
for ever flexing up
back at a cop and saying no
First Amendment rights and stuff like that
the definition of what is legal
what is not legal goes out the window
at the moment, there's any fur flying out in the air
I just say start from the ground up
like grassroots because none of us
we all have shit to do
we should all go out and vote
voting is going to fucking fix it
it's
let's accept the fact
freedom of speech
speech was free until they said it was fucking free
at the moment, who is it?
Thomas Jefferson? the moment that we say
speech is free is the last time it was free
now it's going to be lawyers arguing about
what includes free speech
can you yell fire in a public place? no you can't
so a circle is drawn around free speech
and it encloses and closes and encloses
there's nothing free, there's no fucking First Amendment
there's no, and if people are fucking
all fight about the Second Amendment
fuck you, fuck your guns, fuck everything
the first thing should be
the ability for people to have liberty
and I think that goes away
every fucking single day
and it's illegal to say anything
anymore, dissent became illegal
here's the thing, because
when you have political conversations
they always come down to this point where
250 million people who have
better shit to do are faced with the choice
between going out and doing a bunch
of shit that's a big inconvenience to them
or going on with their normal lives
like I think
that a successful political movement
can actually be
successful if all
250 million people just decide
very casually
to ignore everything
to stop
siding with the people with the guns
when you next time you're talking about this
with your wife, with your husband
with your children at a party
online just
that Republican part of you
fucking let it go
because are you going to be
rich is that what you're worried about
do you think that
if you sell out
capitalism it's going to turn
its back on you and you're not going to get
to be a high roller
is that what's going on
you're one scratch off away
you're one promotion away
from the myth of retirement
there's such a thing as capitalism
without fucking elitism
and so much hierarchy
you do not have to oppress people
you do not have to worship people that have more money than you
you can be at a party
and if someone brings up a topic like this
you can casually
and coolly and smartly
and wittily and funnily say
and a lot of other made up adverbs
all I know man
is if there's a fucking dude
and a tank I side with the dude
that's all I know
and if 250 million people
feel that way
that is called democracy and capitalism
will take its course
because there won't be any money
in making people
in playing to the other thing
they've got us freaked out
they make us think
that we're going to be all rich one day
and that we need to keep kissing ass
and clawing our way up
and shitting on the people who dare
to protest and complain
down below us
I think that's the key
we don't have to fucking go out and wheat paste flyers
and play red rover
you know
you get sprayed in the face with shit
those people are heroes
but you can fight the fight
at a fucking party hanging out
smoking pot playing video games
retweeting phone numbers
and the zeitgeist
is if people put a thermometer in that turkey
and it comes back oh shit
they don't like us very much
let's try that methodology first
change your attitude
no one wants to take your money
no one wants to take your fucking anything
everyone wants you to be American and free
and love your family and have your children
and your Thanksgiving and all your shit
there's no culture war
no one's coming at you
fuck you
it's all
it's all true
every single word
I had a weird story
life event that happened as kind of relating to this
I retweeted an article
that posited that
what was it tear gas actually acts as a nerve agent
like
similarly the nerve gas
and that it directly stimulates your nerves
causing reaction rather than just like
being a formal irritant
retweeted it and someone
some old guy was like
that's bullshit stop spreading rumors
and I was like well that's
a weirdly bold stance
and I was like you didn't read the article did you
and he's like I read the article
it's all rumors stop spreading them
and I was like who the fuck are you
what are you talking about it's just some old guy
with a weird military haircut
and he's like I've been an expert of chemical weapons
for 21 years
and I was like oh well fuck
you seem like a bad guy
and then so I started doing my research
and I was like okay nerve gas
it uh it
stimulates the nerves so it's
it's a nerve gas it's a nerve gas
and I didn't know what to do
because this guy's an expert and I'm obviously
a guy who's retweeting links
and then one of my followers
or someone else retweets
both of us and says Dan Cosetta
is a fraud don't trust him
and he linked an MIT article that an MIT professor
wrote
that was like Dan Cosetta is active on Twitter
and claims to be an expert
but in dealings with him I found his own
and it was just like this crazy
paper debunking this asshole
and I'm just sitting like watching
all this stuff happen
wait which guy was Cosetta the guy you were
Dan Cosetta was this this expert that was calling bullshit on the thing
and I was just like this is so weird
I just wanted to
it's an interesting article
like why are you
allowed to be wrong
and spread rumors
and be
irresponsible also not the point
whether it's a nerve agent I think that
I think that the
responsibility starts
and ends with the fucking
guns and the tear gas
and the things and the people who are getting paid
and if they show up with like tanks
people are gonna have a negative reaction to that
you can't show up looking like you're fucking
and that is not time to meet the press
that is not time to have a fucking
Lincoln Douglas debate about
whether or not your facts are in order
because guess what your facts are gonna be in order
48 hours from now do you know what shit's gonna happen
it's just like
it's called folklore if a tank
rolls down your street guess what everybody gets to do
they get to make shit up
that's called our tank
I don't know about that
I fucking do know about it
that is the only thing
that's keeping them from rolling over us
with tanks now
is lying about it
PR is called
us like getting to go
oh yeah fucking
these guys are bad guys
what do you mean bad guys let's define the word bad
fuck that fuck all of it
it's a fucking tank man
fuck that exaggerate lie
spread rumors
you're under attack
fuck off
the truth is crazy
on the guy too
yeah he was shot six times
two in the head
twice in the head from a distance
in the back
well some of them are in the back
alright
we've covered a lot of ground
in this podcast
I'm biting my tongue cause all my opinions are
unpalatable for everybody here
I won't say shit
I don't like any of it
no no
here's one
I don't like Led Zeppelin so people won't like me
also fuck all governments
all of them they're all bullshit
there's no such thing as a good one
the only good government is no government
and that people actually do have the ability
to live without government
and absolutely things be absolutely orderly
and the mythology
that we have to have
a structure of control
you don't think you need a structure for any society
no
a governing structure
that does like law and stuff like that
yeah but people can creatively do that
on their own we don't have to have it
no there's societies that do horrible shit
and if there wasn't government outside
they're killing widows when their husbands die
you have to be very educated
you have to spend a lot of years getting it together
there have been times in history when people tried to do it
and they were
but it's not gonna happen so we need government
that's probably
true and it's a very sad
political concept though of the world's shitty
so it has to be shitty
the world's shitty so it has to be shitty
the idea of idealism
it's a good band with a shitty lead singer
you could need a brace on your leg
because your leg hurts
because your leg is fucked up
and you need to walk
I'm glad somebody fucking is supporting that stance
it's a bolt stance
I am anti-brace
you have a right and almost
it's a duty to look at that brace
and go like this
is a thing
that is unnatural, that is here
that I need right now
that I would like to not have
if I can somehow figure out a way to not have it
that's what government should be
you should be able
no one should ever be like
I love government
that's insane
and no one that works in government should ever be like
this is an honor
no it's not
it should be blighted
we wouldn't need any of you
it should be like working at the post office
the president should have poop
for breakfast every day
with a little scoop of saints
and he should be like
god damn it I can't wait to be done being president
I'm so good at it and they really need me
and I gotta keep the change running on time
but fucking hey it pays shit and it's fucking hard
celebrity is so weird when you become president
it's like why
it's like oh fuck
the office of the presidency
wasn't really that big of a deal for a lot of years
like it wasn't that big of a thing
now it's become this celebrity shit
that now you're
some sort of kind of like
emperor
it really isn't that big of a deal
it's a functionary office
and that's all it should be
and also the people shouldn't give two shits
about it
the best politician that wins
every year or every election
is nobody because most people don't fucking vote
why does it matter
the idea that democrats and republicans
are all that different lies
the same fucking party
the idea that we have a left
and a right in our democracy
we do not they're two sides
that are pretty left I mean we're pretty right
then they're getting further and further right
George Herbert Walker Bush
would be a lefty
compared to what's going on now
the idea that when you vote for
Obama versus so and so or whatever the fuck
the idea that there's one side
versus another side and there's two
giant differences between them
it's absolutely insanity
it diminishes our intellect, it diminishes the democracy
our constitution
has basically been turned to shit
also it's frequently shit
and when the tanks roll in
you're going to feel like a bad person for saying
fuck you tanks because the tanks will have American flags on them
and will be a bad person
not only will we be shot at
but we'll also just feel like bad Americans for it
as good Americans you should have
absolutely
abhor
governments at all times
there should be a revolution all the fucking time
and we cannot do it because we're too stupid
to actually get up in the morning
and take care of our elderly
to teach our children to pave a fucking road
without letting other people do it
we don't know how to do it we've been taught not to do it
well we're too happy the cartoons are too good
the video games are too bad
America is one of the best shitty places in the world
it's fantastic
we get along quite well here
the wifi is pretty bad
but also we don't
get to really wave a flag
and say that we are what we think we are
because the world lists the American flag
and a lot of parts of the world I think
and runs for fucking cover because there's fucking drones attacking them
and we torture people
we do everything that we don't believe in
and we're not good guys
we're not heroes anymore
we haven't been for a good long time
actually I don't know that we ever fucking were
we had slavery forever and thought that was quite alright
we're still the most
misogynist and fucking racist fucking
bunch of people that can move around
there's worse countries than ours
I'm not saying it's the worst place in the world
but we can't wave a banner and say that we're doing it alright
we're not doing it alright
I think we can but we have to keep striving
but we don't strive anymore
because we think we've already crossed the finish line
I think we're allowed to brag about everything we've done
but we have to keep on
competing with somebody other than Ali
I agree with that
I'm not saying that it's the worst country in the world
that it's bad I'm saying that
but it's the most apathetic I think
I don't like the hypocrisy of saying
that we actually do love liberty
and that we do love freedom
because we don't
we're quite willing to
to
make cupcakes
to make
we're quite willing to
let's just guessing
to limit
I fucking hate
governments I fucking hate them all
I hate Led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin governments overrated
also
Snowpiercer is a bad movie
fuck Snowpiercer
my favorite
line from that movie it's a bad movie
it's good
you know what Apocalypse Now
not that great
I agree Apocalypse Now is too fucking long
an unfair treatment of Vietnam
alright alright alright
AT Third Act Problems
fuck you
Goonies doesn't hold up
oh shit
doesn't make any goddamn sense go watch Goonies again
go watch Goonies again
there's nothing
governments
Goonies
I was sad for me real genius did not
live up to my remembering
it's not that good anymore
watch it again it's not that great
watch your government again
goonies of governments
am I right about everything? no
I love words do I say every word right?
no until there's gonna be people that
gonna hate everything I say
sit around and talk about it I will convince you
of two things rush socks and voting is gay
also saying voting is gay
doesn't make me a homophobe
it makes me wish I hadn't said
voting is gay
I undercut
everything I just fucking said
yeah don't be great
at the end and then you know black people can vote now
so that's weird
also yeah we've been too soft on Asians
I fucking think Asians are getting a fucking
they're getting a free ride
Jeff Davis would have you believe
that voting is gay
but he thinks Asians are all right
Jeff Davis
hates gays soft on Asians
paid for by Dan Harmon
I was making fun of myself
while I said that but voting is stupid
being gay is fucking great
I think I'll suck anybody's dick after the show
if you vote for it if you all fucking
if there's a fucking plurality
I will suck a dick
my name is Jim Davis I'll see you after the show
I think all gay people
where their salt can handle the occasional
slip up
especially when it's got the red handkerchief
on the 2x4
of like oops sorry about that
I think that's actually better than not saying
anything about it
I said it in silence because I hate talking about it
because what I believe in
I don't know how to support it
I used to believe in like what
Emma Goldman, Mikhail Bakunin
Kropotkin and like the great anarchist thinkers
that the idea that
anarchism is the mother of order
it's not disorder
the idea that we have to be let around by people
that we don't know anything about
and these fake structures and shit like that
when I start talking about that I bore myself senseless
because I don't really know how to support it
and then I say something stupid like voting is gay
which undercuts everything and people can have a fucking feel
and I say hooray you should
because I'm a fucking moron
but also I just don't like government
well this is the thing that drives me nuts about politics
is that there's no idealism
that we treat idealism
the same way that we treat
everything else that's actually already going on
that I have a big problem with
I think that
you need to be able to stand at a party
and say I think everybody should go
should be naked
and it shouldn't be held to the same scrutiny
if everyone was naked then there wouldn't be pants
and if there were no pants
let's never think about anything
it's really important to soak ourselves
in idealism
it's not all gonna take
but the shit that's already working
it's working and it's working too well
and it ain't working good enough
and we need to constantly
be soaking in a solution
of idealism
we need to have crazy people saying
what if we were communists
what if there was no government
what if garbage was food
what if you could turn salt water
into fresh water
what if we weren't dependent on oil
what if the fucking planet is slowly heating up
and it's our fault
you need to constantly have people
if you constantly put everything
that those people say under a microscope
and bash them to pieces
if it doesn't hold up
to the same things that have
the status quo behind them
it's definitely fucked
that's called stagnation
that's called a tree that doesn't bend
it's going to break
and uproot and float down the Amazon river
alright let's uh
soak
look at just all stare at me I guess
that's what let's do
you got any D&D in store for us
oh do I
yes
I wish voting were more gay
I guess that's my problem
voting is too straight
nobody is really offended by that
I think you're being too hard on yourself
I'm paranoid
you're being too hard on yourself
you just spoke something and you regretted it
there's certain things that we've been saying
our whole lives that are now we realize
not the right thing to say I think
correctly and so sometimes you fall back on old patterns
but you caught yourself and that's all that matters
the fear is that
people continue to not think about it
and then just go oh that thing's gay
that thing's gay
you considered what you said and realized that
that was foolish of me
but also like
what I said
what I said was retarded
Camille it was totally retarded
my sisters retarded
is she
to beat the band
what did you say
beat the band
she's retarded to beat the band
what does that mean
she's really retarded
beat the band means really retarded
to beat the band
oh fuck that ice cream
that was delicious
I need that to beat the band
it means like
explain it to me
no Adam
you're wrong
tell me what it means
singing loud enough to beat the band
he was yelling to beat the band
that makes a lot of sense
like out shouting
forcefully
that makes sense
I just found out that hoisted by your own
41 years old
I've used that expression a million times
I always pictured a pitard
as a special fancy kind of pants
and that being hoisted by your own
the pitard meant that your pants were so fancy
that it made it easy for people to
lift you up
and like dangle you
I always pictured a fancy guy in a pirate ship
going like you pirates are gonna have to
get a new way of doing things
I'm Mr. Fancy Pants
I'm wearing a pitard from now on
no blank walking and I'll tell you why
and that the pirates go like are you seeing what I'm saying
yeah his pitard has like a huge
blue bottle
and then they hoist him up and he's like
whoa whoa whoa
I always thought that's what hoisted
by your own pitard means
a pitard is a bomb
hoisted refers to being blown up
blown up by your own bomb
I think the original appearance in print is like heisted
like you're being lifted up in the air
by people that were sappers
that go to blow up a wall
they would put a bomb there frequently
they blow themselves up
I honestly crazily had the exact same
image in my head
it was a pirate ship
a guy with fancy pants
I swear
I know I always pictured a guy
it's a pole and he's got his pants
and he's like
but that's where
I shouldn't have worn my pitards today
don't take a stand
if you're wearing a pitard
when somebody lifts you up by your collar
and your pants and they carry you out
that's called walk in Spanish
I love that one
you just walk Spanish out of a place
that's where you get hoisted
is that really true?
back then Spanish people were
they were always flying
there's a series of really good books by
I think it's Earl Font from Funk and Waggles
one's called Heavens to Betsy
one's called Horse Feathers
one's called Hog on Ice
and it's the fourth one I can't remember
and it's all the history
of etymology
of weird phrases
where to
know the ropes
it's the first appearances in print
and the titles of all of them are ones that we don't know
we don't know why Heavens to Betsy
but I love Break a Leg
there's lots of different ideas about where Break a Leg came from
but it's not like a thing
that you wish bad things to happen to actors
so good things happen as a superstition
to break a leg when you would bow at the end of a show
it's where you would get up
and crack your back leg
and that was being make it to the end
make it to the bows
because most shows were so shit and the audience
would be so angry
so they're just saying hopefully you get to the end of the show
they're saying don't suck
because the groundlings
the people that would come and that would stand there
they really would bring rotting
cabbages and eggs and shit
to throw at you because it cost a dime
or a nickel or a penny to get into the show
and I could be making that dime or nickel
out at my stand or doing what I do
and so if the show sucks
they would just throw shit at you and leave
so for an actor to say break a leg
it means make it to the bows
and I love that
but that's up for debate because people say different things
why prefer to believe that
is that where they throw it?
slowly as theater got more and more improved
they started to throw fresh produce
which became flowers
and then panties
the freshest of flowers
panties
I'm John
by the time he got in there
alright let's do it pretty good
play the music
are we doing this shit?
hang on a second
do we not want to?
do we need to replace it?
no I just did my commercial
is Aaron not here?
Aaron's not here haven't you seen?
do you want somebody to replace it?
sure I mean fine
I don't care
we should get a lady
we've got a lot of testosterone up here
isn't it great to have three guys
there were four guys talking about politics
and they bore everybody senseless
can we get a gallop up on here to play
what's her new character called?
Destiny Sars
what's the new character?
come on up young lady
you raise your hand
what is your name?
Molly
Molly the Thing
I saw this guy make a very
vulgar gesture
I was really offended
who did?
do you need this?
who made a vulgar gesture?
towards whom?
towards you guys
the guy here in the yellow shirt
Adam what was the gesture?
that's the last straw
it was like a fuck you but it also involved his other hand
to show the full
you're jacking off
there you go
Molly are you new here?
this is my second time
it's Adam Goldberg he's God's offensive gesture
I see
he's a human middle finger
for your idea God was like
fuck you America
have this
I'm just being serious
I'm serious
so
are Spencer with this being included in your intro
to explain to Kamei what happened
with Aaron's character?
yeah
let's try
I don't really think about that stuff
me neither
I know
there we go
when we last met
our heroes were in some big danger
after what was meant to be
a simple dispatching
of highwaymen on the road to Rosebook
Mulraine Light
dead by her own hand
and the gnome our heroes aimed to save
had a broken neck
but before the gang could even catch their breath
and mourn their fallen friend
a fiery maelstrom of light
to escape
who levitated the paralyzed gnome to safety
in town they met Dignity
a paladin with a friendly if pushy demeanor
who brought the party to the
constabulary
to discuss their travels
after a spot of tea our gang met Father Tinder
a friendly but perverse old abbot
in charge of the city
Tinder was immediately suspicious of the group
but Dignity smoothed things over
there is a moment of calm but then
Admiral Darkstar still under the skin
of Yomiji his heavenly host
came blasting through the sky
towards the town
the powerful fiend assaulted the town
but was repelled by Rosebook's
powerful defensive magic
the ward
stood strong
but for how long
and how long before Father Tinder
would learn of the gang's connection
to their deadly foe
find out this time on an all
new installment
edition of Harmontown
Time
so destiny's a paladin
that's the new character
Dignity
that's you
I saw the theme
I came in on
Dignity
so Dignity tell us all about yourself
I'm
I'm immune to sleep
I do
have an Adderall prescription so
that makes sense
that's actually useful can I get your number
don't met again
yeah
yeah what are numbers
yeah what do you mean
alright
where are we I wasn't listening
why don't you listen
I had a fight with Erin and I was listening
hey that makes sense
probably it's my fault
I saw you guys a little while ago
and I thought she was coming
yeah
what happened you guys are going through counseling
I know
sometimes
the counseling gives me new ways
to be mean to her
like I learned new ways
can you have a new vocabulary
for abuse
bad
fiance
and I miss her and I'm sorry
I'm a bad bad fiance
Kay these lights are on
I think they're not supposed to be on
they came on at some point
oh but it's nice
it's like we're doing it in a Caribbean
bungalow
Caribbean bungalow
alright so we are
what's that image in our head
we did a thing we met
we're in the consabular
the angels trying to get
Erin killed her character
I saw the killing
now she's a new character which by all accounts
is the same person just with a different name
and a different possible outlook on life
but really the same thing
I don't know where you're getting that
it's not really a great sample size
oh just one mission you mean
I mean one one episode
I'm not saying you're necessarily
absolutely wrong I just think it's unjustified
it was a small sample
that's all I'm saying
so now we're in Rosebook right now
and is the storm from the Admiral
of the Dark Star still approaching
you're outside
you're looking up he's still
in the body of this angel that he's possessed
and he's circling around
and pounding on the dome like barrier
around the city
he can't get in though it seems
oh yeah
looks like he's trying to get in
should probably go check on those soul rods
make sure they're
holding up
okay
so those are the perimeter so you want to go check those out
I'd like to go check out the soul rods
you okay Sharpie
you seem a little down
yeah I'm alright
I'm alright
alright I'll go check out the soul rods
you go to the nearest
nearest soul rod it seems
to be strictly reinforced
there's a cleric he's praying and his hands
are outstretched kind of like
washing over the rod
with his magical energies
he's kind of keeping it powered
hey hey you need any help
he doesn't respond
hey I'm talking to you
he's chanting under his breath
back pitch that set up on fire
no no no
I'm doing a bit
I was doing a bit
see you later good job praying
so these soul rods
the city's protected by
it's powered by prayers
and magic
right if you listen
you can hear
there must be five in the morning
what
I just set my pen down and I played a song
his pen plays to Sunia
alright
okay so
so you're at this soul rod
or you're trying to talk to this guy
he's not responding
but as you're talking to him
you hear the squeaking of a wooden cart
and you turn and you see Father Tinder
he's pushing a wooden cart full of
kegs and growlers
and glasses and cups
he's got all this juice
he's in his cart and he's pushing it along
and he's like
now everybody keep calm
our wards have never failed us against
evil and they won't now
not as long as we hold strong
now who wants juice
he hands a juice to the cleric
who kind of wordlessly grabs it
and puts it in his pocket without breaking his incantation
what kind of juice is it
all sorts of juice we got
orange juice and grape juice
I guess it's just two kinds of juice
what does the juice do
it uh you know
good for the nerves it's wholesome
it's wholesome I uh I asked
for a growler of juice he gives you
he gives you a skin instead
a wine skin but of juice
I asked for a fucking growler
hey man hey hey come on man
it's customary
can I take can I have a vial of juice
they come in skins
can I have a growler
I'll give you a skin of juice
can I get a goblet of grape juice
I have a wooden cup
it looks like a goblet
I'll take just a portion of juice
he starts pouring juice for you guys
let's say we take some of this juice
take it around the corner
and do a little
csi on it
see what's in it
I thought you misheard me
no
see what's in it
so as he's pouring you this juice
he's like so you guys
you're awfully calm
oh we just loved receiving juice
yeah I don't like to
I don't like to drink it around people
I'm gonna go around the corner
just normally when there's giant
things beating down the door
you know people freak out
you got it buddy
that's what she said
let's go
let's see what's in this fucking juice
hey what's your name
Destiny
we just met you
yeah it's fine
I can distract the guy
he's your boss
he's my boss
he's the boss of the town
she works for the town
I have holy texts
I can read them
read them the holy texts
yeah
so uh yeah
you you saddle up to father tinder
and start reading off scripture
alright
alright csi
let's see what's in it
I follow them and we're gonna
we're gonna csi this juice
do we have any csi equipment
I have knowledge arcana
yep 13
alright that's the first thing
I'm just dribbling it on my fingers
and I'm like checking it out
yeah I'm gonna do sense motive on it
it seems to want to
be drank I guess
I use perception on it
to see what the deal is
it looks like juice
okay
because it's been a long day
I go guys I'm a gnome
I'm pretty tough I'm a barbarian
I'll just I'll drink
I'll take a sip of the juice
come on man come on that's not the
thing of it
he's a juice dealer
he's I think that's
I honestly think that
you think this is a bad idea?
yeah because I think the worst case scenario
is you go Jim Jones
like
Jones town participant
best case scenario is you don't
and then who cares
you know what I mean
it's high risk low yield
either nothing happens that's not interesting
or you die
okay so there's no way to win
I don't drink it Spencer
but I walk back to Father Tender
at the juice cart
and I say oh thank you that was
delicious and I look at him
expectantly
okay
what do the rest of you guys do in the doorway?
I can detect evil should I
detect if the juice is evil?
I should have waited for you to do
yeah the juice it's not evil
okay
you know what I'm going to put it down on the ground
and I have stealth 13
I'm going to sneak up to the juice
I'm pretty sure we can drink this juice safely
I mean
I'm not getting a bad vibe off this juice
what about my knowledge Arcana
well no I got caught up
in other things I guess
you use your knowledge of Arcana
to find out that it's not magical
it only extends
to your knowledge of magic which this is not
alright it might be chemical
alright
what about my brew potion feet
doesn't that mean that I can see a
Mickey when I see one?
well potions are magical so
your mama's magical
I wish
that'd be amazing
alright well I don't I mean I
Grant and wish
father tender I drank that juice
and fucking
that's the stuff
yeah I'm making myself
yeah so what are you
did you have some juice today?
I always have juice it's my secret juice
and what would you say
it's major property
you know I'm feeling pretty
pretty good but major property
yeah deliciousness
I go up to him and I go
what the fuck man
that's fucking mind control juice
no it's not
yeah it is I have skills in it I can detect it
that's fucking mind control juice what the fuck man
and I come in pretending to be under
juice is commanding me to
do stuff
fuck you see this shit
oh the juice almighty juice
I don't I don't want to be rude
but I sense that you're deceiving me right now
alright okay
you're right you call it
alright it's a little thing we do
when people offer us juice
we've been to a lot of towns
it's just juice it's just juice
we call this due diligence
we are
we call it juice diligence
I bet when you were our age you
tested juice before you drank it
I mean we see a site juice all the time
he said he's got a force field around it
the juice should be suspicious
we're gonna drink it
I drink my juice
I'm gonna put mine in my pocket
put mine in my pocket
I drink my juice
I give mine to the robot baby
you give your juice to the robot baby
you put it in your pocket
I drink my juice
I'm gonna turn mine into water
uh wait
how do you do that
it says divine favor
I think you can create water
but not turn stuff into it
I'm sorry I'm sorry to disappoint you
I feel like we really
got stuck in this juice thing
I think the Kool-Aid
man just came by and we got all freaked out
he has
a force field over his city
he runs the place like Charles Manson
he's creepy
he sexually harasses his female under legs
and he brings juice around
we were right to check the juice out
sorry I hope you didn't hear any of that
I mean yeah I'm pretty perceptive
I drink my juice
and I try to sense
any ill effects or positive effects from it
it tastes a bit bitter
like it has orange rind in it
you know some people don't like it
I make a poopy face
alright yeah that happens
hey uh father tender
how long do you think your soul rods
will hold out against this
demon angel
oh you know they'll hold out forever
as long as god's favors on my side
he pats a
he pats a pocket on his chest
what is that what
what's in your pocket sir
oh I don't have a pocket
he reveals no pocket where he was padding
see no pocket
what were you padding over there
god's favor
it's in your heart
no pocket though
no pocket though I showed you
nothing in the juice
why do you think there's stuff in the juice
yeah you kind of run things in a
autonomistic way
I mean no do I
that's not true is it
autocratic what do you think
he's great it's great right
I'm on his side this is awesome
I love it I love the force field
I don't think everybody
loves the force field
we're not anti force field
try the juice it's a little bitter
I gave it to the baby
what's the baby's name
Lodgy Lodgy Lodgy did you like it
I I
oh was I supposed to drink it
yeah no
I don't drink stuff
yeah Lodgy don't drink anything you know what
I'm gonna drink it is this the episode where you
just stand around talking about juice
it's gonna be the most important episode
in my life it's like the most boring
Anthony Bourdain episode
let's just not get antsy and start
burning the place down no no no we're good
alright I'll drink the juice I'll drink your juice
you drink the juice
orange wine fuck
some people don't like it I don't like
it I got I got grape juice
how does the grape juice taste it tastes great
you guys should have gotten grape juice
I drank some back around the corner
it's great
hey can I have some grape juice
sure there's enough juice
for all what's the what's the point of this
just for refreshments yeah it's my thing
I mean you have hobbies right
could you show us where you make the juice
at my juicery
well can you take us there we're a big
let's go let's go to the juice
drink the juice we love juice we want to
see where the juice is made alright let's
go alright to the juice
this is the best
fucking D&D of all time
I can do it let's do it not only
can we talk about juice we're
going to go see how it's made
this is like this is my favorite bridge
at Mr. Rogers when he's like let's go to the milk
plant I'm like oh Jesus kill me
every fucking role player is fantasy
is that wheatgrass
can I get to a shot of wheatgrass what's
wheatgrass alright I guess that answers
the question
here we go to the juicery
look at that building oh yeah
you could ride the horse
but you get there way before everyone else
that's fine alright
hey when was that building made
I pointed to buildings I don't know
what's that building do that's a
the house who was born there
I don't I don't know that anyone was
where's the juicery born there
it's right here
are we at the juicery
there are how far is it
it's here currently
are you scrubbing the juicery right now
sounds like it
alright oh
here we are
the sense of anticipation
do we just walk in
no standing outside
standing outside of the juicery
it looks like a knight who
seems like he's been standing there a while
and he also seems like he's been drinking
it's a juice knight
drinking juice
no no he seems drunk I should say
oh what's your knight's name
oh that's darm von
hey darm von
hey
it feels like what that name makes me think
we weren't supposed to come to the juicery
that feels like a name that was thought of
when the sentence was started
if we die
outside of a juicery I'd be very disappointed
so darm von
darm von step aside matey
we're going to go inside and see how the juice is made
just like one second
I just want to talk to father
tender real quick
okay as you like
father tender is like
that sounds fine gentlemen
if you give us a bit of privacy
oh privacy we didn't say we would give you privacy
hey look if it's important
you can say it in front of me
I'd really rather not
this happen
I think everyone's allowed to hear everything
no let him hear it
let him hear it
father
darm von said that
okay great
darm von
you know why
there's demon things here
and you can stop it father
and father tender is like
I don't know what you're talking about man
this guy's crazy he's like a heretic
or something
and darm von is like here you fucking
you
you got to listen
you got to give it up otherwise
he's going to kill us all you got to give it up
and father tender is like
I don't know I don't know what you're talking about
can you guys help me out
I'm glad we listened to this conversation
father tender he's like this guy's crazy
well we want to hear what he has to say
he's crazy we'll just dismiss it
so a lot of times alcohol just releases the inhibitions
I mean it doesn't mean that everybody's saying
alcohol is evil
he's not going to kill us all
he's mad on alcohol
you can't silence dissent
let's hear it out
that's how stagnation breathes
pretty soon you're going to have juice tanks
rolling up and down the streets
if you won't
if you won't give it up I'm going to take it
from you and give it up
myself
what does give it up mean
what's it called
he
he draws his sword quickly
and moves that
and moves towards father tender
what do you do
I fucking stand back
and watch what's about to happen
I go and I get in the way
and I'm like hey knight
tell us what you mean darvon
please don't attack let's use our words
it's what separates us from animals
so he lunges
he lunges at you
because you step into his path
I have my hands are up
your hands are up
and he slips and he falls
and he impales himself on his own sword
it's a critical fail
and
the life pulses out of him
as he bleeds onto the floor
father tender goes that's fucked up
that will
that will remain a mystery
with that guy's fucking out
alright let's go to the juicery
how juice is made
juice
thank you for coming everybody
Harmontown
thank you Molly for helping us out
you're very well done
what a great job Molly did
yay
let's thank Kamel Najiani
Spencer Crittenden
and I'm Jeff Davis
am I forgetting anybody
Dave Clark was in the back room
when he never came out
the mayor of Harmontown
Mr. Dan Harmon
this show brought to you by
Creepy Sand